DOCS-4059: Update terminology from Viam app to Viam (#4379)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/dev/reference/apis/billing-client.md

Your API key needs to have [Org owner permissions](/manage/manage/rbac/#organization-settings-and-roles) to use the billing client API.
To get an API key (and corresponding ID), you have two options:

> - [Create an API key on Viam](/operate/control/api-keys/#add-an-api-key)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Create an API key in the Web UI](/operate/control/api-keys/#add-an-api-key)
```
